Initial proposal for JSON Schema blog guidelines (#482)
json-schema-org/community: docs/blog-guidelines.md

* The most interesting posts are how-to blogs, blogs with technical content, and those that teach or show how to do something in a way others may not have thought of.
* Blog posts that show hurdles that were encountered and explain how they were overcome often do very well as the Community is looking to learn.
* Critical commentary or broad issues must be approached with sensitivity, professionalism, and tact in a way that is beneficial and positive for the Community.
* Your post must be your content, but can be published elsewhere with a right to republish. All content should have an author and be published Creative Commons with Attribution.

Members can add 1-2 sentences at the end of their blog with a link to an external site such as their website or a gated asset. Examples for best practices:

> * Share contact info of  speaker - twitter, slack, email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Share contact info of speaker - twitter, slack, email
```

* Links to company websites
* Links to projects websites or Github
* Can advertise if they are hiring and who to contact if interested

> Note: This is not a link to a JSON Schema website or form on the JSON Schema website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This is not a link to a JSON Schema website or from on the JSON Schema website.
```

Can you help me understand this sentence please? I'm not sure what it means 😅

Author: Honestly I don't know what it means. I saw it in the blog guidelines I took as reference and kept it, but I think will be better to remove it.

> JSON Schema will review the statement, as we do for the content for the blog, to approve the content. If changes are needed, we will provide suggested changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON Schema project will review the statement, as we do for the content for the blog, to approve the content. If changes are needed, we will provide feedback or suggested changes. 
```

## Promotion ##
Please feel free to share the blog on social media.

## How to submit for consideration ##

> Please submit your PR for consideration and we will start the PR process. If the article it’s not suitable for the JSON Schema blog, we will provide feedback and direction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please submit your PR for consideration and we will start the PR process. If the article is not suitable for the JSON Schema blog, we will provide feedback and direction.
```
